Update documentation around indexing specific cores individually (#234)
metabrainz/musicbrainz-docker: README.md

  (This option is known to take 4½ hours with 16 CPU threads and 16 GB RAM.)

>   To index cores individually, rather than all at once, add ```--entity-type core-name``` to the command above.

Reviewer: - Only one backtick is needed for inline code. Three backticks are needed for code blocks only.
- Symbolic arguments are usually written all-caps by convention, see below comment.
- Any number of entity types can be specified on the command-line.

Suggesting the following changes:

```suggestion
  To index cores individually, rather than all at once, add `--entity-type CORE` (any number of times) to the command above.
```

Note that `sir reindex --help` documents usage.
